fix(testnet): bump testnet tx version (#491)
r0gue-io/pop-node: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/release_tracking.md

    {"jsonrpc":"2.0","id":2,"method":"dev_newBlock","params":[{"count":20}]}
```

- [ ] Verify if `transaction_version` needs to be updated:

> 1. Build the new runtime. No concrete features need to be active, it's not a problem if there `runtime-benchmarks` or
>    `try-runtime` are included.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Build the new runtime. No concrete features need to be active, and it's not a problem if `runtime-benchmarks` or `try-runtime` is enabled.
```

```shell
    cargo build --release -p <runtime-crate>
```

> 2. Fetch the runtime that is on chain at the moment. This can be fetched from the corresponding github release, or a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Fetch the on chain runtime. This can be fetched from the corresponding github release, or a
```

   node connected to the network via `subwasm`.

```shell
    subwasm get <node-endpoint> -o ./output/path
```

> 3. Use `subwasm` to create a diff between the runtimes and verify if `transaction_version` is compatible between them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Use `subwasm` to create a diff between the runtimes and verify if the `transaction_version` is compatible.
```

```shell

>     subwasm diff <old-runtime> <new-runtime>

Reviewer: old runtime is the path to the binary?

Author: no, both are the corresponding runtime wasm blobs

Author: improved in: [9c3f7ec](https://github.com/r0gue-io/pop-node/pull/491/commits/9c3f7ec6a5a763b5fd5a8b6bc35f81cf466e7080)
